you
hello guys I'm bad this is behind this
is what's behind this behind the up
behind I how does it work ok so yeah
those signs holds this what this store
and the whole goal is drops down and you
recover this song this car would drop
out first anyway it all drop down after
sex ten seconds yeah so this is
basically what happens yeah what and go
as i explained is so messy I hate this
and so yeah but let me go through here
though so here goes so I brought this
for some reason because just to show you
how to us should be covered okay so use
the hole and you hold a cross this will
happen when holder prize at all since
what happened I'll hold the grass so
there's a touch in front of it now you
throw it and then the touch with you sit
here and then sell it drops yeah this
actually basically I mean for for the
pattern no really button for the switch
then when the seven floors when I seven
falls down here oh no no one is them for
us yeah yeah when I send for the signs
of rock when the thanks Brock sir
Stanley is going to drop beside to these
capitals and this character is going to
broke ended and the Texas brought the
sign over here is going to crock and
sign over here is going to broke which
is which is holding the first star the
first bar going across those things is
desk
the daughter is going to close was okay
and then you also lift us to and way so
annoying it will also lead us to display
which when we stand with drugs and a
cactus would were broke and you will
come to here and then so when the
captors so when the cactus and broke the
same on the cancer who brought in the
two sandal drops in the lava was falling
yeah who's that flowing and the Lavos
will flow really slow so I can't say it
is about 10 second and when I flower
flows year and the loud will hit the
touch the Taj is going to disappear and
the sensor for and yet the touch
disappear one is like the video that
make before the weed the video has meant
before the war the love of war and then
the love of war we do is about the time
a torch yeah so you can watch it if you
don't know how to do how does it works
and lets the same would drop when the
touch disappears and so the signs over
here will broke so and the signs over
here were broke and you mix the door
drops and when the tonight so the dog
will drops after a 10 seconds the bottom
car has strong so this is this is it by
and see in the next video make sure to
subscribe leave a like and some comments
helped me to improve or tell me to
improve yeah how to improve the things
or some comments what why we want to
commend actually high-five you next time